Update the quick start page (#270)
deepset-ai/haystack-home: content/overview/quick-start.md

{{< button url="https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack" text="View Source Code" color="green">}} -->

> Haystack is an open source Python framework that helps developers build LLM empowered custom application. In December 2023, a significant update, version 2.0-Beta, was released. This page provides information for both Haystack 1.x and the latest version, 2.0-Beta. For more information on Haystack 2.0-Beta, you can also read the [announcement post](https://haystack.deepset.ai/blog/introducing-haystack-2-beta-and-advent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Haystack is an open source Python framework that helps developers build LLM powered custom applications. In December 2023, a significant update, version 2.0-Beta, was released. This page provides information for both Haystack 1.x and the latest version, 2.0-Beta. For more information on Haystack 2.0-Beta, you can also read the [announcement post](https://haystack.deepset.ai/blog/introducing-haystack-2-beta-and-advent).
```

> ## Installation 

Reviewer: would it make sense to call this 'Installation 2.0-Beta' since we clarify below for the other?

Author: @TuanaCelik I wanted make this page future-proof as 2.0-beta will become the default version for Haystack eventually. But I'm fine with changing it to "Installation 2.0-Beta" too
